RDoc-2114-Created 5.1 Server/config/licencing folder and overviw doc, updated studio doc (#1489)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/studio/server/license-management.markdown

   * **License**  
     The full license string for RavenDB. If **License** is specified, it overrides the `License.Path` configuration.
   * **License.Path**  
     Path (either **full** or **relative to the server folder**) to the license file.  
     Default: `license.json` in the **server** folder.  
     E.g. - "License.Path": "D:\\RavenDB\\Server\\license.json"  
     E.g. - "License.Path": "License\\license.json"  

{NOTE: }

* Each instance of RavenDB has to be registered with a license.  
* A development license isn't applicable for commercial use.  

{NOTE/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Replace License} 

To replace license, copy the new license code block from the email, click _REPLACE LICENSE_, and submit a new one.

![Replace License](images/manage-license-2.png "Replace License")

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Force Update }

After [changing your license](https://ravendb.net/buy), in order to update the license instantly, click _FORCE UPDATE_.

![Force Update](images/manage-license-3.png "Force Update")

{NOTE License information is automatically updated nightly.  _FORCE UPDATE_ does not stop this operation. /}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Renew License}

> If your server is connected to the automatic update [License Server](../../studio/server/license-management#license-information),

Reviewer: This isn't correct.
The Renew button is only available for Community and Developer licenses.
The license can only be renewed when less than 30 days are left for the expiration.
The Community license will be extended by 1 year.
The Developer license will be extended by 6 months.

your license will automatically update as long as it hasn't been canceled.

> If you aren't connected to the License Server, copy the entire license code block from the license renewal email and paste it into 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you aren't connected to the License Server, copy the entire license key from the license renewal email and paste it into 
```

Author: I replaced code/code block with key everywhere in the document.
